I want to apply these concepts to my accordion sidebar, changing the schema accordion.js if needed.  The goal is to have schema auto generate the sidebar on edit.js. The schema will include the needed information to position all the settings were they need to be, with all defaults.

The panelblocks should be use the most native possible controls of wordpress. Custom panels show be constructed by blocks, allowing a modification on a small block propagate on all blocks. Ex, the border panel includes the color picker (that is included in several panels), that also includes controls for padding, margin, etc. Every control should be coded individually, then assembled. Controls that use the same mechanics for tune (border margin padding withd, etc, should only code once the mechanism and call it, so that if we want to change the mecanism, it also propagates).

On the sidebar, at the top, we always have the panel that controls the theme store (always visible), then below, Two tabs:

* Settings (with icon)
* Appearence (with icon)


Settings tab:
- 

Block Width
100%
Accordion container width (e.g., 100%, 500px)

Heading Level

None
Semantic HTML heading level (none, h1-h6)

Block Horizontal Alignment

Left
Horizontal alignment of the accordion


Open by Default
Whether accordion is open on page load


* Layout (with icon)

- Borders button (with a three dot button on the left with options on popup window next to that button with "External borders", "Divider border". Depending on what is chosen, the settings appear below

For exteral borders:

This panel is goint to feature all the things that controls the border, called the BorderSettingsExtended

First the color control - a rectangle with the color, with the reset arrow right to it. When you click, the color choosing panel opens.
Then, Border Style, with 7 icons on a row decipting the 7 options: None, Solid, Dashed, Dotted, Double, Groove and Ridge. The icon row can wrap
Border witdh with mesures in PX EM REM, with the  link icon. With the link icon activated, the border is controled by a slider with range. If the link is broken, 4 squares with top right bottom left appear to control indidivual controls. Same logic for radius, padding and margin.
Block shadow and block hover shadow - we will use 4 presets with svg buttons, for the most heavy to the most subtle + none (default). A color picker is also shown, to choose the color of the shadow that auto updates.

For the divider border, we have a Toggle that sets Divider border on or off.
If off, nothing is shown. If on we call BorderSettingsCompact:
- Color Control, Border Style, Border With, only. The border with only has a slider because only one border is selected. not the 4


- Colors button (with a three dot button on the left with options on popup window next to that button with "Header", "Panel". Depending on what is chosen, the settings appear below.

On header, two buttons part of block-editor-tools-panel-color-gradient-settings__dropdown will Say Header Text (that will open a pop up to choose color), Header Background (that will open a pop up to choose color and gradient), Header text hover, Header background hover, Panel text, Panel background with same logic (color only for text, gradient for backgrounds).

Then, typography button, that has subsections "Header", "Header hover", "Content panel". 

The options for each are Font Size (sliderbar with selection of units px, em, rem) with reset arrow at eight. Font Family in dropwdown, Font Weight with dropdown, Font Style with Normal, Oblique, Italic with buttons with a text exemplifying. Text decoration with exacly wht same thing buttons that exemplify, same for text transform, Line Height, Letter Spacing.

To finish, the Icon button, that has a toogle with Show icon, on and off, if its on it shows controls, if its off it doesnt.
Icon position (Right and left) with icons, color selector, Size slider, Initial Icon (choice between inputing a caracter, choosing from svg library, or input url). Toogle for Change icon when active, that if it's on, it changes icon when accordion is active. And prompts the same controls as previous.
Then, icon rotation slider.

Then i'd also like to add a Animation panel that constols the animation style. Lets think togheter how to implement it
